hey everyone is shape up level 1000 here
today with a skultimate roller maze to
pack with ghoulia yelps and Abbey
Bominable this is a exclusive skultimate
roller maze to pack and it is available
only at target I think if mine was 1699
for mine but I'm so excited because of
course I got me one and over there i got
my friend one because we need all the
abbeys because Abby and Laguna's our
favorite monster high dolls which is why
we're best friends so we got to collect
um all of the Laguna's and all Abby's
but anyways I'm going to be doing a
review on them today um so yeah here's
who they are i'll be starting with Abby
because everyone already pretty much
knows about ghoulia here is her cute
little face she's got very kind of dark
hot pink lips and her upper eye shadow
is purple and her lower is a lime green
and then this line actually does not
have any earrings but of course she's
got the signature colors the blue the
purple and the pink in her hair and it's
cut nice and short and since it's the
roller maze line all the dolls have a
little bit of lime green coloring in
their hair she has her signature
necklaces time and pink instead of
purple or blue here is her cute little
outfit it's like kind of like an icicle
address it's blue with little pink
designs on it to make it look like
icicles and it's got to lime green cloth
straps going around to give it some
detail and of course her shoulder on
that side and no shoulder sleeve on that
side and she's got some black fishnet
cut at the bottom to make this really
cool design and she's got a light pink
kneepads and here are her skates they're
light pink and they got cute little
fluffy balls design on him the string
with a fluff ball and then the underside
is a bunch of like frozen icicles which
is such a cool design then her wheels
are black
back and green and of course she has her
little signature card back there yeah
there it is um it might I say that this
is um does not come with any stands or
brushes shame on mattel for that because
these dolls definitely can't stand alone
with their skates and everybody needs
stands because not everyone wants or
month or hide also sit but anyways here
is ghoulia she's got of course her blue
hair but with the signature lime green
in it and her hair is less um wild and
just awkward than the original the
original the curls like went all the way
out here and they were like sideways
like these are like straight in but the
what the single pack when the hers were
like sideways so I mean they were cool
but they're it's definitely a different
style with this box of course she has
the green glasses and then her lips are
just like a pinkish red color and
ghoulia is probably my favorite from the
skultimate roller maze line I just
really enjoy how she looks and her
scheme color and everything very cute
her upper neck collar is a velvety black
materials got little cut designs on it
here very cute fishnet sleeves then of
course she's got the white dress with
the black and lime green stripes with
the blood splatter on it looks actually
got attacked by a paintball gun she's
got her knee pads and of course her
black skates which on this side is like
dripping blood then her wheels are blue
and green and I haven't decided if her
outfit is more pink or if it's more red
is kind of like an in-between color it
like it looks red but it also looks pink
at the same time so I haven't quite
decided yet but then of course she has
just a little signature card under there
any girl comes with their own helmet
cool you guys is a brain helmet which is
so cool then Abby's this looks like an
igloo with some little icicles down
there
there's the front of the box for you
quick show you the back of course it
just says the monster high and has a
logo and of course just what it always
says some stars and then it has a
picture of ghoulia and then Abby's
picture and then a picture of all the
ghouls skating around having fun cut
operetta ghoulia Frankie Abby and Laguna
Abby was not in the original picture of
the four but she isn't here she looks so
cute and of course it just says the
skultimate roller maze right there